v0.0.7 Release (#56)
triton-inference-server/triton_cli: README.md

triton import -m gpt2

# Start server pointing at the default model repository
triton start --image nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:24.04-vllm-python-py3

# Infer with CLI
triton infer -m gpt2 --prompt "machine learning is"

# Infer with curl using the generate endpoint
curl -X POST localhost:8000/v2/models/gpt2/generate -d '{"text_input": "machine learning is", "max_tokens": 128}'
```

## Serving LLM Models

> Triton CLI aims to simplify the workflow to deploy and interact with LLM models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triton CLI simplifies the workflow to deploy and interact with LLM models.
```
